Once upon a time, there was a little seahorse named Jerry. Jerry was a brave seahorse who rode into battle with his fellow seahorses,
in the great seahorse war of 1380930 BAE.  One day Jerry met an enemy seahorse who was wounded on the battle field. The enemy
was clearly in no condition to attack or wound Jerry so he slowly sauntered up to the foe.  Jerry looked down on the seahorse
and to his shock he realized that he recognized the poor soul.  It was Marcus of Bayfield one of Jerry's neighbors before the 
great seahorse war had begun.  Jerry looked down and felt sad for his former friend.  Alas, this was a battle and it seemed Jerry
only had two options when it came to the traitor. (Written By Sahi S.)

Jerry, with mixed emotions running through his seahorse brain, was conflicted on what to do with his former friend Marcus of Bayfield. 
Marcus, who appeared to be in excruciating pain, looked up and saw his friend Jerry. Marcus said: "Jerry... my old friend... please, I
need help... you know I am your friend, your neighbor before the war separated us... Please, I need a medic". Jerry, the brave warrior
seahorse, decided to help his friend Marcus, saying: "I will help you. This is a step forward towards ending this war". Jerry surveyed
the area and saw no one around him, so he told Marcus to hold on for a little longer. As Jerry turned away to go back to his military camp,
he heard a noise from behind. (This part was written by Matthew Thompson Soto)

The noise was of the 5th Battalion of the Bayfield Kingdom, led by Commander-General Bojack The Great. Little Jerry turned around only to 
see the wrath of 5,000 seahorses charging toward him. He ran the numbers in his tiny horsie brain only to realize, there was no way he 
could flee the battalion. He locked eyes with Marcus for one last time and said, "This war has seen horse pitted against horse, friends 
turned enemies. If this is the end, I was glad I could spend the last few moments of my horsie life with an old friend. So long horskie."
Marcus yelled, "It doesn't have to end like this Jerry..." with a tear rolling down his face. Jerry locked eyes with Marcus and gave him
a brave smile. Marcus cried in horror as saw the army of 5,000 horses engulfed Jerry's body whole. Legend says that his screams can still
be heard deep into the ocean on the open grass fields of what is today the United Colonies of Horsiea.
